Note about enabling detailed recording for all APIs (#2803)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-configuration-reference/tyk-pump-configuration/moesif.md

TYK_GW_ENABLEANALYTICS=true
TYK_GW_ANALYTICSCONFIG_ENABLEDETAILEDRECORDING=true
```
{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> This will enable detailed recording for all APIs, overriding the one at API configuration level, it requires the Gateway to be restarted.

Reviewer: This will enable detailed recording globally, across all APIs. The behaviour of individual APIs that have this configuration set will be overridden. The Gateway must be restarted for this configuration to take effect.

> This will enable detailed recording for all APIs, overriding the one at API configuration level, it requires the Gateway to be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will enable detailed recording globally, across all APIs. This means that the behaviour of individual APIs that have this configuration parameter set will be overridden. The Gateway must be restarted after updating this configuration parameter.
```

|company_id_header|optional|Field name to identify Company (Account) from a request or response header. Type: String|TYK_PMP_PUMPS_MOESIF_META_COMPANYIDHEADER|

## Identifying users

> By default, the plugin wil collect the authenticated user (AliasId or OAuthId) to identify the customer. This can be overridden by setting the `user_id_header` to a header that contains your API user/consumer id such as `X-Consumer-Id`. You can also set the `company_id_header` which contains the company to link the user to. [See Moesif docs on identifying customers](https://www.moesif.com/docs/getting-started/identify-customers/?utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners&utm_source=tyk)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the plugin will collect the authenticated user (AliasId or OAuthId) to identify the customer. This can be overridden by setting the `user_id_header` to a header that contains your API user/consumer id such as `X-Consumer-Id`. You can also set the `company_id_header` which contains the company to link the user to. [See Moesif docs on identifying customers](https://www.moesif.com/docs/getting-started/identify-customers/?utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners&utm_source=tyk)
```
